[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: It's
been a while since I last
met with William Henry.
And I'm so happy
to bring him back
on the show with his
new work the mysticism
and the ancient Gnostics that
we'll find relevant today, very
relevant today.
It's a body of work William is
calling "Finding the Pearl."
Welcome back.
It's always good
to see you again.
>>WILLIAM HENRY:
Thank you, Regina.
Such a pleasure to be here.
Thank you for having me.
>>REGINA: And you
know, it's so funny.
As soon as I started
listening to the documentary
you did called "Finding the
Pearl," first of all this
is a lot of knowledge that
most people aren't aware of,
even people who studied
esoteric texts quite a bit.
And the journey begins with
a soul named Thomas, right?
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
launch into it.
And I just want to set up
a little framework here.
We're going to talk about this
innate moving with and finding
the refinement and power within,
before we start giving way
to the second part of
the conversation, which
has to do with how we apply
it in the insane world we're
in today.
>>HENRY: Wonderful.
>>REGINA: OK?
So please, the
"Song of the Pearl,"
first from Christians
then from the Essenes
called the Gnostic call?
>>HENRY: Great.
Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Let's start with
Thomas, the soul Thomas.
>>HENRY: So the Gnostics,
of course, are mystics.
They're early Christian mystics.
And this story the
"Hymn of the Pearl"
or "The Song of the
Soul" was written
around 300 AD, between
200 and 400 AD, probably
in Edessa, Turkey-- which we'll
come back to that in a moment
because that's very important.
And the key figure in the
story, his name is Thomas.
And his name means the twin.
And some actually believe
that he is the twin of Jesus.
Either way, he lives
in a higher dimensional
realm near the throne of God.
And like all souls, he
gets a call to adventure
and is sent off to Earth.
But before he
leaves his homeland,
his celestial
homeland of the soul,
he has to disrobe from his
gleaming or splenderous robe,
another key element
in the story.
He comes to Earth.
He's charged with going
to Egypt, which symbolizes
the material world,
finding a dragon that
guards a special pearl,
acquiring the pearl
and then returning back
to the celestial homeland.
And of course, in
the story, the drama
is that he's told
when it gets to Earth
don't eat the food
because you'll forget
about your whole mission,
and where you came from,
and everything.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HENRY: The first thing
he does do is eat the food
and forgets everybody.
>>REGINA: Forgets everything.
Like the rest of us.
>>HENRY: Like all of us.
>>REGINA: Like every
time we incarnate.
>>HENRY: Right.
But fortunately, his
parents, having foresight,
had put a letter in his
heart, a little reminder note,
a little wake-up call,
says, hey, Thomas.
Have a good time,
but at some point
you're going to have to go find
that dragon and get that pearl.
And he does in the story.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
the story and the journey
of his getting
the pearl and what
he was actually here to teach
and learn along the way.
>>HENRY: Right.
So the ultimate idea
here is that the pearl
is, of course, as a symbol
or a metaphor for the soul.
And he is here to acquire
knowledge about the soul
and how to awaken the soul.
>>REGINA: He
personally for himself
or on behalf of humanity?
>>HENRY: Well, himself and
also on behalf of humanity.
Because, of course, we're all
ultimately this the same hero,
we're all on that's
similar, if not
the same, metaphysical
quest, soul quest,
to acquire this
knowledge of our gleaming
gem within us, our soul,
and how we can polish it up.
>>REGINA: So before
we go any further,
you have a gleaming, shining
being from another realm who
most certainly understands
the nature of soul,
who chooses to condense and
come into an earthly experience,
so he can find out
the natural of soul.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
To learn more about it and
also to help others to awaken.
>>REGINA: I was going
to say that part I get.
By going through
the journey himself
into this condensed,
very challenging form,
right and then have to
discover by whatever
means how to access that
again, that makes sense.
So continue on.
>>HENRY: Right.
And so in the story, he
ultimately finds the dragon,
overcomes the dragon,
acquires the pearl.
And then it's about his journey
back to the celestial realms
and his reacquisition of
his gleaming or shining
garment of light.
>>REGINA: Do you care
to share anymore?
>>HENRY: Well, this was
called the Gnostic call.
It is contrasted-- I mean
I like to tell the story.
I live in Nashville and I went
to a Baptist funeral one time.
And the Baptist call is you're
a sinner, you're filthy,
you're garbage,
you're going hell,
but Jesus is coming
back to get you.
That's the Christian call.
>>REGINA: Not that
different in the Lutheran
faith, Missouri Synod,
by the way, but go ahead.
>>HENRY: Right.
So the Gnostics developed
this story as a way for people
to come into the
Gnostic teaching
to understand that we have
this aspect of ourselves,
this perfect aspect
of ourselves,
that remains in the celestial
realms, but a part of our soul
is what incarnates on Earth.
And so it's this
idea of not only
coming into a realm of duality
but also this binary soul idea.
That we have this
part of ourselves
that always remains in
the celestial place.
It's always there
to give us guidance.
It's there for our assistance.
And ultimately, we're
here on a mission.
And usually the
mission is involved
with being a messenger of
light, of peace and love,
and coming into this realm
in order to transform it.
>>REGINA: And the
way Rumi said it--
which I lifted all this, of
course, from your documentary--
said that a universal soul
touches each one of us
and invokes a call to awaken
a new Christ within each one
of us to find the pearl.
So this term "pearl"
again comes up.
>>HENRY: That's right.
And what they're talking
about there, of course,
is that the pearl is
the symbol for Christ
and the Christ within.
So when we're talking
about awakening the pearl
or finding the pearl, we're
finding this divine aspect
within ourselves.
>>REGINA: We're going
to insert a picture here
of Fra Angelico of Jesus and
Mary and the heavenly realm.
Tell us about this.
What are we looking at here?
>>HENRY: Well, this
is an amazing painting
by Fra Angelico.
It's in Florence, Italy.
And it's a coronation scene.
And this is the scene in which
Mary has been transported.
Her ascension has
been completed.
Now she's in the celestial
throne, which they believe
was inhabited by
angels, and humans,
just humans made perfect
specifically, ascended humans.
And in this image, we see
Jesus placing this crown
on Mary's head.
And what this represents,
ultimately then,
is her attainment of the higher
consciousness of this throne
or celestial place.
>>REGINA: And you also
mentioned in the documentary--
which if you hadn't
said anything,
I wouldn't have noticed in
looking at this painting--
that her eyes are rolled
up in that position which I
understood because I've done--
I started doing it
automatically and not
knowing why when I wanted
to reach into another realm.
And you see her eyes in
this hypnotized state
looking upward.
>>HENRY: Right.
She's in a state of ecstasy.
Her eyes are up and an in.
She's focusing on
her pineal gland.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: Or we would be
focusing on our pineal gland
from this end.
And it's a very important aspect
of this Christian mysticism.
It appears in numerous
examples of Christian art,
especially involving Mary.
If you start to pay attention
to icons or images of Mary,
her eyes are very often
up and in because she
is in this deep
state of meditation.
She's taken a Joe
Dispenza workshop
and she's learned how to get
in that deep gamma state.
And she's activating
her pineal gland,
and she's awakening this
higher consciousness aspects
within herself.
Very important apect of her.
>>REGINA: It is.
And you can feel it.
I mean if people start just--
go to Joe's work.
Start playing with it.
I had just bumped into it
through years of meditation
and just working to connect
with my guides and so forth,
but I hadn't noticed
for, really, it
was a long time
before I even noticed
it was happening that my eyes
were rolled up and inward.
And you can feel it-- as soon
as you do it, if you do it right
now-- it starts
changing the feeling
and the brain chemistry
starts changing instantly.
And you can feel it
changing as you do this.
Now, what's interesting
to me is this
was what they did with
the Mayan royal babies.
They knew something about--
the original Mayans, the
ones with the real knowledge.
Not the knocked on ones
a generation later trying
to imitate everything.
I think that was an
imitation for that reason.
But the Mayans knew
how to connect.
And they used to dangle an
object above the baby's head
right here where the
baby would look at it
and it would put their eyes
in a crossed-eye position.
And I'm thinking
it was because they
were trying to force or
emulate this divine connection,
this essence of
divine connection.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Why else
they would they
have done it with the royals?
>>HENRY: Right.
And I use other examples
of Mary, other icons
of Mary in the presentation.
You'll see the ones where
she's got a cross right here
on her head.
And her eyes are often up
and in looking at this cross.
But again the cross is there not
only indicator divinity but as
a target for open-eye
meditation to focus
on this aspect of
your consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I mean because-- you and
I were talking off camera
about when it was
originally understood,
we were talking about
the de' Medicis,
and we were talking
about Botticelli,
which is going to
come up in a bit
here, and about using
art as a sacred entrance.
Tell us that story a little
bit about how you originally
came to understand it
could be used as an entry
point for your own advancement.
>>HENRY: Right.
So I started studying
the early Christian icon
makers who believe
that art could be
used as a portal or a gateway.
It is literally a sacred mirror.
So if you're looking at
an early Christian image,
for example of Jesus in the
transfiguration where he's
morphing into light, the idea is
that through the mirror neurons
in your neocortex in your
frontal lobe, they're firing
as if that is happening to you--
your body, my body,
your body, Jesus' body,
same physical human body.
And the idea is that
what he was doing
can be triggered
through sacred art.
And this is the foundational
principle of the icon makers.
It actually originated
in ancient Egypt.
It carries through
every civilization.
My wife Claire and I
did a series on Gaia
called "Arcanum" in which we
go into this in a lot of detail
of art as a spiritual
conduit or a conduit
into the spiritual realms.
And these artists knew this.
And they're channeling, their
intuiting, these images.
They're bringing these
energies through.
In fact, it's well
known in Florence
where people will start swooning
in front of a Botticelli
painting.
>>REGINA: I did.
I had to sit down
the first time I
encountered Botticelli in
the Uffizi 40 years ago
or whatever.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
There's a physiological
connection
and a spiritual
connection that's made.
And then you become the conduit.
Information can now, through
quantum entanglement,
be instantly transmitted
to you through that image.
>>REGINA: I have to
say that's really
what I love about your work
is you bring this iconography,
but this incredible
beauty forward
because almost all of it
is stunningly beautiful.
It is so you're bathed
in the essence of beauty
embedded with this knowledge.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
And the highest
compliment I get,
I get emails all the time
from people that say thank you
for giving me back that art.
I saw it as a child.
I was taught to be afraid of it.
I knew there was
something to it.
And now I know what it is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
We're going to go
to another one.
This is Mary while she's being
crowned as celestial queen,
the robe of the stars.
Can you talk about
this a little.
>>HENRY: Right.
So the robe is a very important
symbol, not only in my work,
but it's the focus
of all spiritual work
in the ancient world.
The robe is the symbol
for our light body
and for our transformation.
And so in these images,
you'll see Mary wearing
a robe covered with stars.
Like Isis used to
wear a robe and stars.
>>REGINA: Cloaked in the cosmos.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
Cloaked in the cosmos.
And it literally means she
has been now transformed
into a light being.
So Mary is an exemplar of
what we call transfiguration
or metamorphosis from a
physical flesh and blood
being into a celestial flesh
or a light being status.
And now she has
completed that force.
In fact, she's the first
Christian to ascend.
So from a divine
feminine perspective,
she's actually a way shower and
also a model for us to follow.
The next one is
Francesca's painting
of Mary with the shell
with the pearl above her.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Now this is where the
pearl starts coming back in.
But now let's get
into the shell.
>>HENRY: Right.
So the shell has always been a
symbol of the divine feminine.
And so what Francesca has
very cleverly done here
is connected Mary to all
the previous traditions
of the divine feminine.
And even John the Baptist
was part of this tradition
as well, because he was
thought to have baptized Jesus
with a silvery cockle shell.
So it's connecting him with
those divine feminine energies.
And it's a very subtle
but very powerful
way for the artist to say,
OK, I'm connecting Mary not
as an isolated being,
but rather she's
part of a continuous
transmission
of the divine feminine.
>>REGINA: And then the pearl.
>>HENRY: And then
the pearl being
a symbol of the soul
and, ultimately, Christ
but also of Mary as well.
>>REGINA: And so the
seashell was adapted early
by early Christendom.
That was used in baptisms
beyond just John the Baptist.
Was this--
>>HENRY: Absolutely, absolutely.
I can take you to the
Temple of Hathor at Dendera
where one of the earliest
Christian churches is.
And you'll see this
magnificent gateway
with a shell with a
key of life in it.
So they carried
that over and used
that as a way of
saying we're part
of this divine
feminine tradition.
>>REGINA: Venus.
Now where does
Venus come into it?
Because now you put
it all together.
We're going to have--
we get to go to
Botticelli in a bit.
I'm always excited
to rush right there.
But let's talk
about the pearl also
as representative of Venus.
>>HENRY: Right.
So all of a sudden
now we're coming up
with these hidden
codes that the ancients
had left in these
works of art connecting
Mary with the divine
feminine and also
now the pearl with Venus as the
ultimate symbol of the divine
feminine as well.
And isn't it interesting
now that we've just
discovered life
on Venus as well,
or the possibility
of life on Venus?
So it's very important.
>>REGINA: Very important.
So now we look at
the birth of Venus.
Now we get to go to Botticelli.
>>HENRY: Right.
Right.
So Venus is emerging
from this shell.
And so she's symbolic
of the soul emerging
from its physical incarnation.
This is the purpose
of a lot of this art
is to help us to
remember that we have
this divine aspect
within ourself that's
encased within this shell,
within our physical body.
And part of the
job of the soul is
to transmute the physical
body and to escape the shell
and return to its source.
>>REGINA: I have to
say a year and a half
ago when we were doing
our Sardinia special.
I took some time.
We went to Florence.
And of course, we went
back to the Uffizi
and I stood before
Venus here again.
And when you see
it in person, it's
important to understand
these are gold--
gold-- threads, her hair.
Gold.
The picture's illuminated.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: It was so
refined, so beautiful.
>>HENRY: Right.
And the idea once
again-- and Botticelli
was very well aware
of this, having
been schooled by the
Medicis and Marsilio
Ficino, their genius who
translated the ancient "Corpus
Hermeticum" and knew
the power of symbolism
and also especially using that
adage "as above, so below."
They believed that when you
were looking at that painting,
you were actually enacting what
was going on in that image.
So if you're looking at an
image of Jesus baptizing Mary
or putting a crown on
Mary, a part of you,
physiologically, is responding
as if that is happening to you.
And now the next step to
take is to actually go
into deep meditation and
imagine, on all levels, what
that experience would be like.
>>REGINA: And they make it
easy to do because it draws you
in so deeply.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: We're just
throwing this up for me, OK?
Another Botticelli, we're going
to look at "Primavera" here,
which you say was in Cosimos'--
>>HENRY: --de' Medici's bedroom.
>>REGINA: Bedroom.
>>HENRY: Yeah, his
personal apartment.
>>REGINA: And it's
in my bedroom.
My friend Steven
Ross gave it to me
when he downsized his
beautiful library.
That was too large
and he gifted it
to me, which knowing
I'm a Botticelli freak.
But that's the first thing I see
when I wake up every morning.
>>HENRY: Beautiful.
>>REGINA: And you--
I asked you, and so
you can come back
on another show--
you're going to go look
deeper into the
symbolism of "Primavera"
here, because you look
at it and everyone
has a feeling immediately
when you see this painting.
Of course, with all of
the rights of spring
and the pregnant maidens.
But who are these people
coming in, these male entities
from the trees,
grabbing this woman?
What's this all about?
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Exactly, well,
again, she is going
to be symbolic of the soul.
Because in the Venus
paintings, she's
acquiring her cloak as well.
And this again a very
important aspect of this
is that once we have attained
this higher dimensional
knowledge, now we're
ready to put on our robe
or garment of light.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And in this particular
one, the primary subject,
the girl with the
shorter blond hair,
is cloaked in every symbol of
nature, flowers and leaves,
very different in that sense.
So anyway, you'll
come back to me.
And we'll talk about
this privately.
OK.
So also this has to do with the
composition and the development
of what a Pearl is in itself.
And I mean I love pearls because
of the refinement, softness,
and luminosity.
but let's talk
about it, the notion
of how the pearl, of course, is
formed and so forth physically.
>>HENRY: Yeah, I mean it
starts out as a bit of sand.
And this substance called nacre
builds up layer after layer.
And pretty soon you
have this luminescent,
this iridescent,
beautiful sphere.
And so this is why it's a
perfect analogy for the soul
because that's essentially
what the soul is
is a speck of immortal
substance that comes into Earth.
And it is challenged.
And it has to find its
way out of its shell.
And ultimately the
goal is to attain
this luminescent or iridescent
light body, shimmering just
like the pearl.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So this is another
historical piece.
I had read of this in
a couple of places,
but you talk about the notion
that some of the ancients
were buried with
pearls in their mouths.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: What was
this symbolically
to have helped them accomplish?
>>HENRY: Well,
part of the idea is
that the pearl is the
symbol for eternity
and, especially, that the pearl
holds the memory of that life.
So what they're trying to
tell us is that that pearl is
ultimately-- like my
necklace or your necklace,
it's capable of holding
the memories of the soul
and that it can be
later reactivated.
>>REGINA: Is that true?
>>HENRY: I think
it's quite possible.
>>REGINA: I'm going to start
wearing my pearls again.
Well, they were my mom's
but she never wore them.
When she died, I got them.
>>HENRY: I mean the Buddhists
talk about relics that
the Lamas leave behind--
>>REGINA: These pearls.
>>HENRY: --that
the body literally
dissolves into a pearl.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: Or when they cremate a
monk, a high-functioning monk,
that they will leave
pearls in the ashes.
And they actually go
seeking these pearls.
And studies have
been done on these.
>>REGINA: Yes, they have.
I've seen some.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
William Tiller and others have
studied the energetic qualities
of these pearls which are
literal, physical substances
that are manufactured by
the human body left behind.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: And that they
emit high frequency
love and consciousness,
but even hold
all the knowledge and wisdom.
>>REGINA: I found it
disconcerting when I first
saw them in an exhibition.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But, yeah.
>>HENRY: Yeah, at first you are.
You're like, wow,
that's really strange.
>>REGINA: Kind of creepy.
>>HENRY: Yeah, it
is kind of creepy,
because we don't
think in these terms.
We don't think of--
we know our body
changes as we age,
but we don't think about
its ultimate evolution.
We don't think about, well,
what was our body actually
designed to do.
And from a metaphysical
perspective,
it was designed to be
dissolved into a body of light.
And along the way, it
can produce substances
like pearls and other things
that can be left behind.
But ultimately, the
spiritual purpose of the body
is as a vehicle for the
ascension of the soul.
And this is why I believe
our body has been tinkered
with genetically speaking
by various avatars
throughout the ages.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We're going to
get into tinkering
a little later on
in our conversation
here, but not
necessarily avatars.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: OK.
OK.
Just to look at this
one, Adam and Eve's
eviction from the
Garden of Eden.
So this is following
on from what
we had understood early
on that we were looking
for this refinement in life.
And now we're being viewed
as sinners, not worthy
of entrance.
>>HENRY: Um-hmm.
This is the key
metaphysical fact
that all the Gnostics
believed that we've
sort of forgotten today.
And that is that when
Adam and Eve originally
dwelled in Eden,
which they believe
was a place of pure
light and pure love,
we were not in physical
flesh and blood bodies.
We were in energetic,
light bodies.
They used the word
"perfect light bodies."
>>REGINA: In a different
dimension, essentially.
>>HENRY: A different dimension.
Yeah, exactly, the third heaven
is where they technically
say it was.
So it probably wasn't on Earth.
But then after the fall and
this eviction from Eden,
the Book of Genesis says
that God does two things.
He builds a gate at
the East of Eden,
puts a flashing, flaming sword
in the middle of that gate
and forbids humanity to return.
And he gives us coats of skin.
Traditional Bible people
will tell you, yeah,
that's probably some
kind of lambskin,
or it might have been a
bear skin, or something.
No.
The Gnostics believed that
it was these coats of skin.
This is when we got our
flesh and blood bodies.
And since then, all
of human history
has been a quest to return to
our original, perfect light
bodies.
So everything we do,
metaphysically speaking,
is an answer to
that original call.
This is why Jesus came down,
according to the Gnostics,
to show us how to
transmute our body
and to return to our original,
perfect light bodies.
The whole Essene
mystic tradition
was based on this idea.
All of Gnosticism, the Cathars.
I did a series on Gaia called
"Ascension Keepers" which
goes into detail about what
the Essenes and the Cathars
believed about this.
And it's foundational, but
we have forgotten this.
But now we're remembering it.
There's so many people
talking about ascension today,
light body teachings.
And this is all a reflection
of this ancient belief.
>>REGINA: And for
me, it's something
so direct to remember and find
your way there through whatever
means of connection
with the higher
aspect of self, which is in
connection with the highest
aspect.
And the heremetics have
their own language for it,
connection with higher mind,
which is the part of the soul
complex with soul.
And that journey,
to me, there isn't
anything above that journey.
>>HENRY: No.
No, this is all that is.
>>REGINA: It's the highest
priority there is as a human
being is to remember, remember,
remember how to get back
in touch with that sublime
aspect of self that
doesn't lie, that
cannot be conned.
>>HENRY: Right, exactly.
Our interdimensional self,
they call it our perfect self.
Some people don't like
that in our culture.
Nobody's perfect, blah, blah,
blah, we hear that growing up.
But another word for
perfect is to be more whole.
>>REGINA: More whole.
>>HENRY: More holy
and compassionate.
And so what I teach
people is that, well,
if you don't like
the word "perfect,"
use the word "more whole."
And our quest, then,
is to move the needle
towards becoming more whole.
>>REGINA: And it's also
a connection with all,
so it has a greater
sense of truth to it.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: You know that
cannot be manipulated.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And right now, which
we'll talk about in a moment
we're in such an extreme
place of manipulation,
being manipulated and
manipulating others even
subconsciously.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And the only
an antidote to this
is to be able to go into
connection with the higher
self with your sense of truth
that's connected to the higher
truth and all truth.
>>HENRY: Absolutely, absolutely.
Because this incarnation
is just one among many
that you had but
every incarnation,
its goal has been the same--
to return to that
perfect light body.
>>REGINA: So in your
own interpretation,
from all of the texts, the
artwork, reading, practice,
that you've done, what did
the fall actually entail?
The fall.
>>HENRY: Well, to be
fallen to me simply
means to be in a
flesh and blood body.
I mean when we talk
about fallen angels,
we want to think of them
as somehow evil or dark.
But really "fallen"
just means they
were in their perfect
light bodies, too.
They came from the throne
of God, these angels.
And when they fell,
they were no longer
in their perfect light body.
Now they were in flesh
and blood bodies.
In fact, the Greek
word that they
used to describe the bodies
of the so-called fallen angels
when they were at the
throne is [GREEK]..
That word is used only one
other time in the Bible
and it's used to describe the
resurrection body of Christ.
So what that means is
that the angels were
in their resurrected
light bodies
originally then they fell.
Now, they're in their
physical bodies.
Now, they can come
down here and they
can have relations
with men or women,
do all the things
that the angels did
that turned off the
church and turned them
into these evil characters.
>>REGINA: So do you think
that fall, the descent
or the merging with
flesh, as I call it,
was some kind of curse?
>>HENRY: I don't know if
it was a curse or not.
It feels like a curse.
>>REGINA: I ask for a reason,
because a lot of people
say that now.
A lot of people are really
feeling it right now.
Like, what am I doing here?
I'm never coming
back once I get out.
I don't see it that way.
>>HENRY: We don't know
what the original, really,
enticement was.
In a way, that's kind
of missing information.
Like as we'll
discuss in a moment,
we have children now
that are being coaxed
into a simulated reality
where they're saying,
eh, I don't really want one of
those physical flesh and blood
bodies, why don't you just get
one of these cartoon bodies
that's even better
than what you got now.
And so maybe that's what
happened originally long ago
is that a group of souls decided
to fall from the pure place
and came into this
realm, this dimension.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I do
lectures on this other story.
I don't if you're
aware of it, but it's
an alternate story that
was shared with me about 40
years ago of what happened to
create this hybridized species.
And it's actually
kind of a sad story.
It's also a magnificent story.
But essentially, that
higher dimensional beings--
those beings don't even like
that term "higher and lower--"
other dimensional beings
that had capacities
to be able to
literally, light bodies,
create at the speed of
light, vast intelligence,
vast access to all
knowledge, were simply
watching the Earth
in development
as it was physically forming and
all of the various life forms
were forming and were
really just touching in
to play with it and experience
what this dimension felt like.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And then ultimately
it became more and more complex,
as the beings that were
created were more complex,
and ultimately something similar
to ourselves in this story--
which I have a very
strong affinity with,
I feel strongly that
there's truth in it--
this being that we
are now, essentially,
had been created, but was
still in the animal realm
and did not possess this kind
of essence of truth and beauty
and so forth that we see
and acknowledge today.
And they said, you
don't understand.
What happened when those
two merged together
and there was a reason for
it, when they merged together,
you became this fractured,
incredibly unique species
that doesn't exist elsewhere
because it was actually
just an inadvertent experiment.
And nobody cast anyone anywhere.
No one forced anyone anywhere.
It happened.
And now you have this
perpetual disconnect,
because you can't
remember how to get back
to that other part which
creates all this pain.
No memory.
>>HENRY: We found
ourselves in this box
and now we can't
find the way out.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So everything
you're talking about
is in service to helping
people find their way back
to that part of aspect of self.
>>HENRY: Right, exactly.
So like in the context
of our conversation,
if you're not aware that you
have this inner divine self,
the pearl, now you know.
And now you know that you
also have the capability
of manifesting your light body.
And that that ultimately
is the way out.
That's not William Henry,
that's the Dalai Lama.
>>REGINA: That's the Dalai Lama.
>>HENRY: That's what he
would tell you, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
The role of John the
Baptist, I was going to say,
John the Baptist is not
really well understood
by a lot of people.
And you have certain artwork,
such as the chariot and Elijah
and such.
Let's talk about the role
that John the Baptist played
and the thoughts
that maybe this was
the reincarnation of Elijah.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: This is an
important character.
>>HENRY: Hugely important.
He is Jesus's cousin.
He's his initiator.
He's an Essene mystic.
He's highly regarded.
Some people think
he's the Messiah.
Jesus comes along
and says, well,
I'm kind of like this
hillbilly from Nazareth.
And then I get a hold of
this John the Baptist guy
and now they're calling me the
Christ, because he baptized me.
He transmitted a holy vibration
called the Holy Spirit to me
and activated my capabilities.
And the first thing
Jesus does after that
is he takes several disciples
up to the top of a mountain
and turns himself
into a being of light.
And this is demonstrating
the natural capability
of all of us.
And this was really
John's doing.
There's John the Baptist,
who Jesus identified
as the reincarnation
of Elijah as the person
that we really want to look to.
And the key thing in
our conversation--
we've been talking
about this robe--
and in the ascension
of Elijah as he's
going up into the
heavens in his chariots
of the gods, his whirlwind,
he transmits his holy cloak
or garment that he used
to perform miracles
to his priest Elisha.
Now the question
then becomes is that
a literal, physical garment
that is transmitted or is it
a vibration?
Is it a teaching?
Is it an activation?
Maybe it's all of those things.
But the point is that in
early Christian belief
and certainly Jewish mystical
belief, the first thing
that John the
Baptist did when he
gained awareness is he went
out into the wilderness,
and reclaimed that cloak
and put it back on,
and then transmitted
it to his cousin Jesus.
So this is telling us this
is a transmittable teaching
or vibration.
It's something we can tap
into today through that art.
>>REGINA: Well,
speaking of which,
I was telling you earlier--
we were talking off
camera about this--
when I went to Jerusalem--
and I've said this in a couple
of shows over the years--
I ended up in Ein Karem.
I was looking,
because that's where
the monastery-- the whole town
is devoted to John the Baptist
because they say that
is where he went.
That's where he did his work.
And that's what his baptismal
well was and so forth.
And if you look
at it today, it's
a 10-minute car
ride out of town.
Real wilderness if
you're on a donkey,
takes a long time to get there.
That's the wilderness, right?
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And so near
the baptismal well,
which is all now
inside a monastery--
so you have to get past
the gatekeepers-- is also
a cave above it
where he was said
to have done his
visioning, because he
was a visionary obviously.
And the remnants of that
energy are so powerful today,
it blows your mind.
It will take you places.
So it's imbued.
>>HENRY: It's imbued.
Absolutely.
And that's one of the
things the mystics
talked about the baptism
is that when John brought
that Holy Spirit
energy in it, it
was diffused into all
the waters of the earth.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and the stones,
and the cave, and everything.
>>HENRY: Everything.
And you can feel it.
>>REGINA: Powerful entity.
>>HENRY: Very powerful.
That's why you go to
these sacred places is
to experience that connection.
>>REGINA: Well, and so
when he baptized Jesus,
the point was this was symbolic
of wakening higher abilities.
And the ones I took off of
your film that you talked about
were authority, capacity, power,
genuine strength, all of which
we've given away.
>>HENRY: Absolutely, absolutely.
This is the message of John.
It's like I'm going to
transmit this vibration to you.
They called it exousia,
the Holy Spirit,
symbolized by this robe.
And it represents spiritual
capacity, strength, liberty,
self-direction, all
of those things.
Everything that is now
being taken away from us.
And so I teach people
that the antidote
to what's going on in
our world right now
is to reclaim that vibration
of the Holy Spirit.
If you don't like Holy
Spirit, call it Kundalini,
use another term.
But we've got to reach
out beyond this 3D realm
into the higher
dimensional realms
and bring in this vibration,
as well as this intelligence
and consciousness
that goes with it.
That's the antidote.
>>REGINA: It requires
such incredible will now.
Before in times when there
wasn't as much resistance,
it didn't require the
same amount of will
to move into those
higher states.
It requires a lot of will.
I mean right now, these shadowy,
whatever shadowy forces--
I'll say this as
some background.
I recently
interviewed Lee Harris
and he channeled
disease, the entities.
And I did that on my
own site ReginaMeredith.
And we were talking about
these times and the dimension
of what's happening.
And they said, just be
aware that these changes--
which are the greatest
changes in thousands of years
that are about to take place.
They haven't really started.
We're just getting
ramped up for them,
which will take our full
aware participation--
are being worked
with, shall we say,
not just by humans who
have ego and greed,
but really by other--
they said dark cosmic forces.
And many people who
speak about this time
talk about darker forces.
But this isn't a joke.
This isn't New Age.
It's not to be
lightly dismissed.
I want you to go ahead
and take off on this.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
No, I totally agree
with that that there
is a force that is using,
especially technology, that's
how they're manifesting
it-- to transform
the human body into
a dehumanized version
of ourselves, more
robotic, synthetic, fake.
And everything that
this movement stands for
is ultimately about fake power.
And those of a spiritual
persuasion or recognize
their spiritual selves, now is
the time to stand up to this.
We've got to put on our cloak
of light and show others
the way to do that as well.
Otherwise, the human
race probably has,
I would give it less
than five years.
>>REGINA: Five years till what?
>>HENRY: Five years
till the singularity,
till our merger with AI, until
there is no longer free will.
Because these people--
you have to understand--
many of these engineers
that are designing
these algorithms and this
technology, they're atheists.
They're soulless.
And they're godless.
And they want you
to be the same way.
>>REGINA: That is true.
I remember a site
that used to exist
and has been taken
down when I first
started checking out AI called
intelligence.org, I think.
Gone.
I looked at all the designers.
And atheist, atheist, atheist.
>>HENRY: All of them.
>>REGINA: So of
course, what are you
going to want to do
to extend your life?
It has to be synthetic.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
They're materials, which
means they believe you're just
information, you're just data.
Your DNA can be cut,
copied, pasted, edited.
You have no soul.
It's just the pictures
that you put on Facebook
and all your keystrokes
recorded by the NSA,
that is your soul to them.
They don't believe in a soul.
And so they're
clearly coming from--
the Gnostics would call
it the Archonic tradition,
where they're creating a
simulated reality in order
to trick us into
giving away our souls.
And this is what we
are doing right now.
>>REGINA: We are.
OK.
So we have a time.
We have a great deal of
things going on right now.
Because of current world
events, we're socially isolated.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Kids aren't in school.
They're not playing.
They're not playing
with their friends.
Nobody is really playing.
It's kind of a dour period
of time for the most part.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: You have
people that are
hanging on to every
kind of social media
as a means of connection.
So another thing
that we've talked
about, I've talked with a
few people about, actually
is I watched the film
"Social Dilemma,"
which is some of the creators
of a lot of the algorithms
and such on Facebook,
Instagram, Twitter,
Google who have all left.
This red alert, red flag,
red flag, something bad's
happening here.
>>HENRY: Something immoral.
>>REGINA: Something
immoral is happening here.
And they're very clear about it.
And the key character
in this film--
which is very well done,
and I'll mention why--
is the ethicist for Facebook.
Now who would have ever thought
such a position existed?
>>HENRY: It's like the
Nazi compassion advisor.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Well, that was his position.
Well, he's not
with them anymore.
He's like this is not
ethical what is going on.
But they do a wonderful
job of detailing
through kind of a family
they create of actors,
a family and their interface
with technologies, particularly
social media, how each member
of the family is reacting,
particularly the teenage boy.
And I won't give
anything more away
because I think everyone
owes it to themselves
to watch how these
algorithms work us.
And they are so sophisticated.
And we're all dupes.
If we spend any time on our
phones, iPads, computers,
cruising, we're all being duped,
to an extent where we really
don't have our own minds now.
Now I bring it up because
you said five years till we
have no more free will, that's
the track it's putting us on.
>>HENRY: Right.
Absolutely.
And I say five
years because that's
Elon Musk, that's when
we've got to merge
with AI or AI is going to vastly
supersede us in intelligence.
And that they call that
the singularity when
these machines become
smarter than we
are and they don't
need us anymore.
Right?
And this is also when the
simulated realities kick in
as well.
And this is what they're
ultimately trying to do.
>>REGINA: Let's talk some more
about that because what guy is
going to resist--
I mean, movies have been
made about it, right?
What man that has
access to technology
is going to resist
his simulation friend?
>>HENRY: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: Really.
>>HENRY: I know, I
know, yeah right.
And that's what
they're trying to do
is coax us out of our physical
flesh and blood bodies
into our fake avatar
bodies, the cartoon bodies.
Facebook's promoting
this, Google, everybody,
corporations.
Samsung is deep into this now.
Neon, they've created a new--
>>REGINA: What is it?
Explain it.
I don't know
Samsung's technology.
>>HENRY: What they're
doing is they're creating
these synthetic beings.
You can't tell the difference
between a physical flesh
and blood being and a synthetic
being created with GCI.
Miquela is a singer.
She has millions of
followers on Instagram.
And most of the people
that follower her
don't know that
she doesn't exist.
She's pure CGI, purely a
synthetic being, an avatar.
And basically the
drive here is to get--
even the Japanese
national airlines
has got their XPRIZE
for $10 million
for the best new
Avatar or robot.
That people instead of
flying on an airplane,
you're just going to hire
a robot that will-- you
might go to Egypt and
your avatar will be there.
But you'll be sitting
in your pod at home.
And everything is going
to be about TelePresence
and that your physical
flesh and blood
body is no longer required.
In fact, you're
actually an impediment
to the future of the planet.
This is called the Great Reset.
This is Prince Charles, World
Economic Forum, Al Gore--
>>REGINA: I don't
get the Prince Cha--
I don't get the
Prince Charles part.
Everything he's
ever stood for is
all organic, supporting
every farmer, everything.
>>HENRY: He was.
He was mister environment
until March 2020
when there was a major global
event that started to unfold.
And he said, oh,
wait a minute, now
we've got a really
good excuse for this.
Literally in his own words, we
can't waste this opportunity.
>>REGINA: What happened exactly?
>>HENRY: The opportunity
is that we're
going to save the planet
by merging with AI.
We're going to turn ourselves
into machines in order
to save the planet.
And what they actually mean by
this-- and the World Economic
Forum itself in
their own video say,
our bodies will be so
high tech you won't even
be able to tell the
difference between what's real
and what's artificial, darling.
>>REGINA: That's still a ways.
>>HENRY: No, no.
This way this is five years.
This is five years
according to Elon Musk.
By 2030, at the latest,
the simulated realities
will be so much better
than what we've got now
in our physical world that
all we're going to want to do
is play video games all day with
our special online pal, right?
But this is a tragedy,
because what they're saying
is that the only way
the only way that we
can avert climate
change catastrophes
is to merge with AI.
And I think that is a
completely false premise.
>>REGINA: So now when
you say merge with AI,
when I think of merge
with AI, I think, well,
this happens in
increments such as--
>>HENRY: We already
are merged with it.
>>REGINA: --you get a
maybe a nanoparticle
of some kind that's being
infused into you to go
repair a certain thing.
And it works that way.
And it has its own
monitoring abilities
and AI maybe to repair
some physical damage.
OK.
That's still new.
I mean that's still
out there still.
>>HENRY: Right.
Bionic eyes and so forth.
>>REGINA: Bionic
eyes and so forth.
So that will take a long
time to physically merge
with AI if we choose to.
And we don't have to choose to.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: This is the point.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
And you probably won't
physically merge with it.
The choice will be made that
you'll create an avatar online.
>>REGINA: A separate reality.
>>HENRY: A separate reality.
And then they're going to
now move the herd into,
ah, to save the
planet, maybe you
should just drop your
physical body altogether
and shift into the black box.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
well, who's going
to interface with that
black box at that point?
Hello.
>>HENRY: Well, the
promise will be
that if you want to come
out of the black box
every now and then and do a
physical flesh and blood body,
you can.
So what this is is
this fake ascension.
This is their fake rapture.
And everything
that Silicon Valley
does from this
perspective is a mimicking
or a mocking of what we can do
organically and spiritually.
And this goes back to
the Gnostic text talk
about these beings,
the Archons, that
wanted to use
simulation to trick us
into giving over our souls.
And they're following
that same playbook.
We can see it beat for beat.
And children are
the primary targets.
I'll be 58 in a couple of weeks.
So they're not that
interested in me.
They're interested in the kids.
>>REGINA: The
education is happening
online for the most part.
Hopefully, we're
going to reverse this
and we'll be flesh and
blood together again.
>>HENRY: I hope so.
But I mean in the 2018,
'19, I was talking about,
yeah, I think we have a
chance here because people are
rejecting the virtual world.
I would show article after
article and presentations
where these companies are
really struggling because people
don't like the clunky glasses.
They don't like the neck ache.
There's not much to do online.
>>REGINA: But I want to get
to another part of this, OK?
Because another thing that
you see in pop culture,
even films about, is
the notion that you
can transfer your consciousness
upon death into someone else's
vehicle or body.
Now, this, again, is an
atheistic right solution
for the fact that we're mortals
and within their mind no soul.
So you can take the
consciousness, the memories,
the patterns, behaviors, and
preferences and, frrr, upload
and download it
into another body
and have perpetual extended
life through new vehicles.
>>HENRY: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Now that is
putting a premium on flesh.
>>HENRY: Yes, it is.
Well, in a way it is.
>>REGINA: Which is interesting.
It's almost the opposite
of the other agenda.
>>HENRY: But the
conditioning that goes
with it that says you,
again, you don't have a soul.
That is superstitious
nonsense from a bygone age
and don't even think about that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And that is
the problem with all
of this is that they
have completely dismissed
this natural aspect
of ourselves,
this organic aspect
that they can't take,
which is our soul.
And so if they can't
take it, they're
going to try to convince
you that you don't even
have one to begin with.
And so it really doesn't matter.
And that's what
they're doing now.
This is part of the
dehumanization process
that we're in right now where
they're getting you to realize,
hey, this is, in fact,
in the way of progress
for all humanity.
>>REGINA: Of true--
of true bliss.
>>HENRY: Yeah, of
true bliss, utopia,
the techno Marxist
utopia that they're
trying to implement right now.
And that's what
the Great Reset is.
If it's not the Chinese--
>>REGINA: And all
these people thought
it was about converting
the dinar to dollar.
>>HENRY: I know.
Or it's about saving the planet.
It has nothing to do
with saving the planet.
The planet is going
to be just fine.
>>REGINA: The planet's fine.
She is creative.
>>HENRY: In fact,
it's James Lovelock
who came up with
the Gaia hypothesis
that the earth has
her consciousness.
He believes that AI came from
the planet itself as a way
to wipe humans off the
face of the planet.
>>REGINA: Well, OK, I
hadn't heard that one.
>>HENRY: Yeah, it's his book.
He started developing this--
he's 100 years old now--
and he started writing
about this several years ago
that he believed that
AI is an elimination
of the consciousness
of Gaia itself.
And now he's refined it.
His new book-- he's 101 years
old now, living in England.
His book is called "Novacene."
And in it, he says
that, OK, yeah, Gaia
is still the source of AI.
And we're going to have to learn
to coexist with the robots that
are going to take over
because the robots are going
to have to find some
way to keep cool, too.
And they're going to
need humans, ultimately,
to help them figure out how
to do that, in his theory.
>>REGINA: Well, so
you're going to have
a band of resistant humans
who choose to remain human.
>>HENRY: That's what's going
to happen, a bifurcation.
You're going to have
humans that are going
to be living in southern France
in the Pyrenees somewhere
and there will just be rumors
of their existence and so forth.
And I think that's
exactly what will happen.
And they'll watch and
continue the human legacy
in quiet pockets.
>>REGINA: So if we're going to
choose to be one of the band
of the resistant humans that
choose to remain human--
because personally
I don't believe
there's any AI
that can be created
to be even close to this
incredible mechanism,
multidimensional
mechanism, we already are.
So it's a ruse to suck people.
Into whether Mama
Earth created AI,
whether it came
from somewhere else,
the point is this is
our moment to stand up.
And this is what I did get
out of these interviews I
did with Sheila Gillette and
the Theo group and the Z group
just a couple of
weeks later on my site
is that they said this is
our opportunity of thousands
of years.
It's been thousands
of years since we've
had this opportunity
to stand up, use
our creativity, our
intellect and clear thinking,
and choose life.
>>HENRY: Right, absolutely,
choose organic life, not
artificial.
>>REGINA: Organic life.
>>HENRY: And you
know, I just have
to say just to throw
a little kink on this,
that I'm 99.9% sure we
don't want to do this.
And the only way,
the only reason
I keep the door open that 1%
is, this is Vatican logic too,
is that who are we to
challenge God's creativity?
AI is part of
creation, isn't it?
So are we being human
bigots here to say,
well, I don't think
you don't look like me,
you don't act like me, you're
other, you're a machine.
Is that human bigotry?
And so I keep that
in back of my mind.
>>REGINA: I think the
soullessness aspect
is key in that conversation.
>>HENRY: I do too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And this is why I think there's
just no way God intended
us to become machines
and to abdicate
our belief in the soul, which is
what they're wanting us to do.
>>REGINA: You know,
but maybe perhaps
to augment life in
a good way to be
able to help, to be able to help
improve absolutely the material
world in ways that
need improving.
>>HENRY: For sure.
>>REGINA: Nothing wrong
with using intelligence
in that way, highest
intelligence in that way.
>>HENRY: I totally
agree with that.
>>REGINA: Even
artificial intelligence.
>>HENRY: If I were a
paraplegic or I couldn't see
and there was a technology,
absolutely, we do that.
And there are many
benefits to AI.
But the problem is is the
dehumanizing human aspect of it
and, ultimately,
saying, look, you're
going to be part of
a hive mind in this.
This is just something I've been
talking about since 2002 when
the US government put out
their report about the blending
of all of nanotechnology,
of computer science,
neuroscience with the human
body and transforming the body.
This has been planned.
And back in 2002,
it's like, oh, they
told us that they hoped to
implement this plan by 2035.
And back then it's like, oh,
good thing we got 30 years.
Well, now we don't.
Now it's right here and
the plan is accelerating.
And trust me.
There's a plan.
And it's being directed.
This is not just
happening by happenstance.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
I agree with that.
And so now it requires-- as we
talked about more than a half
hour ago--
a really strong
sense of will to be
able to reject all
of the noise going on
around us, to be able to
even tap into our truth
as we can access it.
And still, most people
haven't developed the skill
set to tap into that high
aspect of self, which anyone
can, but it has to be our--
>>HENRY: And we're getting there
and not everybody has to do it.
I mean the power
of exponentialsm
is on our side, one person
telling 10 persons about it.
And also how many times have
we seen throughout history?
It's only a small group of
people, small percentage, 2%,
3%, that tip everything.
It's 13 people that
have $2 trillion
worth of wealth on
this planet right
now that control virtually
everything that's going on.
So if we had 13 more
powerful people than them,
we could counter them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And once you have that clear
thinking in the field, so
to speak, people's own bodies
are a magnificent, again,
multidimensional
tuning fork for truth.
If you can get quiet
and keep this noise,
social media, all this these
horrible media messaging,
keep it at bay and
just feel yourself.
You don't have to
be able to go talk
with higher spirit and
other guides to get it,
you can feel, and sense,
and know the truth.
Your body will tell you that.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
And getting back
to the pearl idea,
too, as the pearl is
being covered over
by layers of nacre,
well, the robe of light
is made with acts of love
and acts of kindness.
And that's something
everybody can do every day.
So if you want to build
up your resistance,
build up your robe of
light, it's acts of love
and kindness is
the place to start.
And then dedicated meditation,
focus on sacred art,
calling in higher beings that
can assist you with that.
But the beginning places
acts of love and kindness.
That's where it starts.
>>REGINA: You're right.
Just the feeling, the refined
feelings of compassion,
love, loving kindness.
Even if nothing else,
to try to go back
into the notion of engaging
with the great virtues of life,
just that alone.
Just take one virtue at a time
and feel your way through it
and practice it.
And you start moving it over.
This whole Overton
Window phenomenon
is, I would say terrifying,
I don't feel terrified by it,
deeply disturbing.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That the window
of acceptance of actions
has moved from something we
knew to be somewhat moral.
I mean, granted we all
went to Sunday School
and you got what you got there.
>>HENRY: We know
what's right and wrong.
>>REGINA: You kind of knew
it was right and wrong.
That has all been blurred
as this window of perception
has been moved purposefully
over into realms of immorality,
and insanity, and
cognitive dissonance.
So people are
actually now making
excuses for really immoral, poor
decision making and behavior.
Your body knows different.
We can use this.
We don't have to channel.
>>HENRY: I agree.
>>REGINA: We can use this.
And I know things are
going to get weirder.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they are.
We're only at the
beginning of this.
>>HENRY: We're only
at the beginning.
You think up is down
now and down is up?
Well, wait till it goes
sideways because that's
where we're headed with us.
And so we really do have
to find that center.
And for me, that's what the
awakening in "The Pearl"
was all about is
saying, OK, this
is knowledge that's been
passed along for centuries.
And it was good then and
it's even better now.
>>REGINA: I mean we
could all benefit
from sitting in front
of the "Birth of Venus."
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: There is
nothing in it that doesn't
exude beauty and elevation.
>>HENRY: Right, absolutely.
>>REGINA: So just that
alone is a place to start,
just something that simple,
or whatever piece of artwork
speaks to us.
>>HENRY: I agree.
I agree.
Feed the spirit.
We continually
diminish the spirit
by what's happening
all around us.
Well, let's reverse that and
start feeding the spirit.
That art and music,
great place to start.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Any final thoughts
before we sign off?
>>HENRY: Oh, no.
Thank you.
And guys, buckle up.
It's time.
This is why we're here.
This is what we came here for.
It's time now.
And it's time now, especially,
to redouble our efforts.
>>REGINA: It is indeed.
>>HENRY: Get serious.
>>REGINA: And the Theo group
said on that very exact note,
they said this is a magnificent
time in human history,
easy for beings that
are disembodied.
But nonetheless, this
is a magnificent time
for human beings, because
now you have a chance
to choose your future--
>>HENRY: That's right.
>>REGINA: --through
your own actions,
and your own intellect,
and your own creativity.
You get to choose now
which way you're going.
It's your choice.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: It really is.
Make the right one.
>>REGINA: Make the
right one, yes.
William, thank you.
It's such a pleasure
sitting with you again.
>>HENRY: You too, Regina.
Thank you very much.
>>REGINA: For more of
this sublime understanding
of our true potential, you
can go to WilliamHenry.net.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]